just notes for characters nothing codey in here

Christy: Lord, should have slightly bumped "protagonist" growth rates, perhaps 325-330% instead of the usual 310%

Cyan: Probably will be similar to Gerik and show up holding her promotion item but be a knight. 
To give players a choice. Although if she shows up early game probably best for her to be a knight instead for balance.

Egil: Joins gaiden chapter. Is a lord so gets growthboost similar to Christy

Hunter: joins in the prologue.Has boosted growths because like Christy and Egil he's royalty. Maybe about 325-330%

Rasavete: Seth type character. Valrkie class. Maybe have ehr growths be around 285%? For reference Seth's is like 350%

Sonic Unleashed: Current growths are assuming dancers can't really attack. If we can get them to attack growths 
should equal about 275-280% but if they can't attack aim for 350% growths. Probably joins chapter 13

Wolfy: will probably be classified as a manakete and use the flame dog sprite as her attack animation. 
Only has access to one weapon but will be compensated for in her growths
Sall
Appearance (optional): Black hair, black eyes, tanned skin (like Kat's character) and dark blue armor, he gonna be part of the red-green/blue cavaliers. (More below) aaand obviously riding my horse, Ashe. Have her armored like Xander's horse.

Background: a thousands of years old male who committed an unknown crime at the age of 17 which had him sent into the void. He changed there and became more powerful. Down there, he was chained all around his body and trapped inside, but with sheer power and determination, he could escape the chains and defeat the void's lord (IF THIS LORD CAN BE A BOSS IN THE GAME THAT'D BE GREAT). After escaping the void from being stuck there for thousands of years, he kept his young 17 years old look because people in the void don't age, then. He also gained a power to send certain enemies into the void at will.

Characteristics: Unwillingly rude, old-school, dark, resting bitch facetm, kind to his friends and highkey crushing on Christina's character. 

